Update Readme.md (#10)
FredHutch/cbioportal-data-formatting: 01_file_formats/Readme.md

## File formats

This part of the repository provides helpful instructions to prepare your data into a format that can be "read" into cBioPortal. In this part of the repository, you will find different sub-directories for the different file formats. Each sub-directory has its own README with detailed instructions on how to prepare your files. It also includes examples/templates that you can copy to prepare your own study files.

## File types

To upload a study into cBioPortal, data is presented in two main file types:

1. **Data files** — These contain the actual data to be uploaded (e.g., mutations, clinical info). These are typically **tab-delimited `.txt` files**.
2. **Meta files** — These provide metadata about the data files (e.g., data type, version, source). These are **multi-line text files**. Each field must be manually filled in using a text editor like Notepad or VS Code.

## Before you begin

Here are a few tips before you start preparing your files:

- **Mandatory files**: Every study must include a minimum of these three files:
  - `meta_study.txt`
  - `meta_clinical_sample.txt`
  - `data_clinical_sample.txt`

> > 📝 *Note: If you're working with a new cancer type not in cBioPortal's database, you'll need to include a `cancer_type.txt` and `meta_cancer_type.txt` file. See list of accepted types here: <enter relevant URL>*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 📝 *Note: If you're working with a new cancer type not in cBioPortal's database, you'll need to include a `cancer_type.txt` and `meta_cancer_type.txt` file. See [public cBioPortal documentation](https://docs.cbioportal.org/file-formats/#cancer-type) for formatting guidance.
```
